I'm in denial
of the whole leaving thing.
-Well. we're gonna be back.
-Okay.
Wait! You can't go yet.
We gotta do
our secret handshake.
We don't have
a secret handshake.
That's how secret it is.
-Bye!
-Love you!
Let me stay too. Ish.
Please?
Where am I
supposed to go. man?
[clattering]
You'll need this out there.
[Ish] I love
that my favourite place
is your favourite place.
[Joey] The library
is the only place
that I can see
how people used to live.
[scrubbing intensely]
[Emma]
There's always a debt.
There's not always
forgiveness.
Who's sick?
Joey.
He has a slight fever.
Just a little bug.
M-mom?
Dad?
[collapsing]
-Joey? Joey?
-Joey? Joe!
[Molly] Whatever it is.
it is moving fast.
a-and it is infecting
even those who survived
the first time.
[Emma chuckles]
Heather!
Oh. I knew
you'd come back to us.
Where's Raif?
He's gone.
Could you start
from the beginning?
I loved him.
from the moment I saw him.
at six.
That's where it starts.
[light music playing]
He loved you.
[sniffling]
Like Dad said.
we drove north.
[♪♪♪]
[Heather] We didn't see
another living person.
We found a beautiful beach.
and for a long time.
it seemed
we'd never leave.
We knew
we'd already broken our promise
to return home
before it got cold.
but it felt like
we both kept making promises
to each other every day.
We also knew we didn't
come out into the world
to be just as alone
as in San Lupo.
so we went looking.
Every town along the coast
was the same.
Empty.
Unpeopled.
Well. what did you expect?
[Heather] Every town
had something
that had been left behind.
it seemed.
for us.
Whaa!
[Raif] This place is so cool.
[Heather] I wonder
what they made here.
I think it was
like a lumber mill.
[laughing]
[Raif] Echo!
[Heather] Hey!
[Raif] Woo!
Oh!
[Heather] We didn't know
what the numbers meant.
-Interesting.
-Why?
.but we knew the arrows were
directions we couldn't ignore.
We saw it painted
on rocks and sidewalks.
You're pretty cool.
Hey! I'm driving.
No. you're not.
.but no matter
where we drove.
the arrows
kept pointing us nowhere.
Our search for people
had taken us much further
than we'd planned.
so we decided
to settle in one spot.
This is so much better
than I dreamed it would be.
[gulls crying]
[Heather] But we knew
this was our last stop
before coming home.
We were planning.
on coming home.
Are you hungry?
Raif!
What?
Taxus brevifolia.
One of the few things
I learned in school
before Joey did.
Uh. taxes.
uh. sorry. what?
The Pacific yew tree.
one of the most healing trees
known to humans.
Mm.
Every part of this
magical tree can heal.
from open wounds
to nasty coughs.
Oh. really?
We should get some
for Molly. then.
I'm gonna go see
if there's more.
Cut it through here.
From. here?
Yeah.
[twig snaps]
[snapping]
Raif?
[gasping]
Wait!
[Raif] Are you okay?
I saw someone.
[Raif]
What? You saw someone?
Somebody's here?
We need to keep an eye out.
We should sleep
in shifts tonight.
[sudden grunt]
[gasping]
Food. Now.
Or I will.
Tell us. everything.
There's enough food to share!
You don't have to hold him
like that. Please.
Share? It's take or die!
[Raif] No. we were
looking for others.
Ah! No!
Others? There are no others.
Stop!
No! Gaah!
[knife plunges into flesh]
[Heather gasps]
Ah!
I didn't want to.
He shouldn't have
tried to fight.
[roaring]
[gasping]
[body falls]
-[Raif groans]
-Raif?
Let's just get you safe. okay?
Yeah. yeah.
I need you to be okay.
Okay?
Just tell me you'll be okay.
I won't be.
I don't know what to do!
Say my name.
Please?
[weakly] Heather.
Heather.
No.
No! Please stay with me.
Please.
Please stay with me.
[slow string music playing]
Please!
[sobbing]
[kissing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[lonely theme plays]
[♪♪♪]
[Heather]
The Jeep broke down.
It took me endless weeks
to walk home.
Raif walked back with me.
I swear.
[sobs] He.
he walked me home.
[crying]
It's okay. It's okay.
[sobbing continues]
[pensive series theme playing]
[theme grows bolder]
[piano playing alone]
[gasping]
You okay?
Yeah.
[Joey groaning weakly]
Heather bo-beather.
That's right.
Although Dad hasn't
called me that in ages.
How come.
.I never got a nickname?
You have one. "Jo Jo."
Oh. right.
I forgot.
My brain is kind of fuzzy.
[Heather] That's okay.
It deserves a break after
all these years of hard work.
Dad thinks I'm gonna die.
Don't say that.
He's out
getting you medicine right now.
No.
I see it in his eyes.
He doesn't look at me
the same way.
It's almost like.
like I'm already gone.
He wants you back.
jumping off cliffs
and scampering up trees.
That's what his face is saying.
"Hurry up. Get well."
"Get well."
That's it.
Keep saying that.
[footsteps approaching]
Hey. kiddo.
I'm all over this.
Dad. you're back.
Yup. a little shopping spree
in the city.
and you're gonna be all good.
It's okay. Jo Jo.
[latex snapping]
Dad. you're going to scare him.
What's that supposed to mean?
You're scaring me.
I'm giving him
my immunity.
I gave Molly everything
from the yew tree.
She's making medicine
right now.
And what if that doesn't work?
I don't know.
but it's too late for immunity.
You know that.
[Ish] I have to save him.
I have to save all of you.
That's not your job.
Of course it is!
[stopper popping]
[setting stopper down]
That one's for you. Raif.
and this is for your sister.
who's still with me.
[Maurine] Just rest. Evie.
I'm here.
[patients coughing]
[door creaks open]
[door bangs closed]
Molly!
Ish?
Heather said
you were trying--
Yes. from a yew tree.
I won't know for a day or two.
He doesn't have that time.
He's on fire.
Okay.
Molly!
Okay! Okay! Let me think.
He needs
an ice bath right now.
[thumping door with foot]
Come on.
-[thumping]
-[Ish panting]
Sorry to bother.
I know Evie's sick too.
Maurine and I've been
taking shifts over there.
[Ish] Joey's fever won't break.
I'm taking the cowboy pool.
-Do you need help carrying it?
-No.
[Jorge] So why
did you come for me?
[Ish]
Because you're a man of faith.
and I'm not.
I may need to borrow some.
If God exists.
this feels like punishment.
[Jorge] God is not in the pain.
he's in the mercy.
Only problem is. Jorge.
there's no mercy
to be found.
[softly]
There you go.
[Joey shivering]
Am I.
am I flying?
[Ish chuckles]
Yeah. Jo Jo.
You're flying.
Do you know
why it's working?
It's a strain of the virus
that m-- that made us start over
all those years ago.
but it's-- it's weaker.
by its own nature.
.so it's given us a chance.
[Heather] Not everyone.
[Molly] No.
Not everything works
for everyone. Heather.
I wish it did.
I just wanted
to check on my people.
They're doing really well.
Molly is amazing.
I really thought
I'd reached the end.
So did I. in the woods.
You really have to do something
about that. feeling.
Surviving.
[Heather] Yes.
Hey. uh.
this may sound crazy.
but do you mind me asking
what he looked like?
Desperate.
Hard to see the person
underneath all that dirt.
and. I don't know.
It was kinda like there was
no person left inside of him.
This world can do that.
Only thing
I keep seeing
is the gold of his tattoos.
You all right?
Sure. I'll be fine.
Hey. Kori.
You look like
you've seen a ghost.
I'm just. uh.
still recovering.
Well. rest is your best friend.
-Best friend?
-Yeah.
Okay.
Molly?
Yeah?
Ever have a secret
that you knew you couldn't tell?
[laughing]
It's a ridiculous question.
No.
it's a great question.
I'd say.
if the secret
somehow makes the world
a better place.
keep it.
Otherwise.
shout it from the rooftops.
[chuckling softly]
You're a good doctor. Molly.
[chuckling]
Don't tell anyone.
[ominous chords strike]
[footsteps approaching]
These have been
working wonders. Mama.
[Emma]
It's not working here.
Try one more time.
Kori. Evie.
it's really making--
-I'm trying!
[breathing unevenly]
Dad?
Hey!
Hey. buddy.
I'm scared.
[Ish] Ohh. don't be scared.
I'm here.
Your mom is here.
We're always here.
What if I'm not?
Where will I go.
if I'm not here?
How will I find you?
[Emma gasps]
[♪♪♪]
Joey. Joey. Joey? Joey.
[Emma sobbing softly]
Oh!
[bleak music swells]
[♪♪♪]
[sobbing]
[clattering]
[Ish sobs]
[Emma] He's gone. Ish.
You need to come
to terms with it.
Do you still love me?
It's not enough.
[Emma] It is!
This is a house
of fuckin' lies.
an illusion.
Useless.
I can't do this anymore.
Do what?
Rebuild the contents
of this.
.this tomb?
It's gone forever!
It was gone.
way before Joey.
You wanted him
to reignite the old world.
but no one can do that!
We have other living children.
Our friends. have children!
So go ahead. burn it down!
[door opening]
[door closing]
[crow cawing]
[Jorge] How are you. my friend?
What do I do. Jorge?
[Jorge]
I'm so sorry he's gone.
but you are still here.
[peaceful music playing]
Living has more dying in it
than a heart can bear.
[Ish] It's okay.
[exhaling]
I've lost too much.
.but you gave me
earth. Ish.
.a safe place to.
plant my feet.
I wonder
if it's the same for you.
Em.
.it has only and ever.
been you.
[Ish exhales softly]
[he chuckles incredulously]
[seabirds crying]
[gulls crying]
[he chuckles]
[Ish] The scientist in me
would have mentioned the heft
of the cirrus clouds.
.the barometric pressure
required to move the sun
so deftly
through the morning mist.
.but somehow. I knew science
didn't have a word for this.
This is awe.
The Earth healed.
[laughing incredulously]
[gasping]
[chuckles to himself]
I got it so wrong.
The world
that I grew up in.
is very different than the world
you all see today.
There were wars.
Greed.
There would be cities
you would visit. and--
and you couldn't even
see the stars.
It was grey.
from chemicals.
just flying up
into the sky.
Everyone
was just out to get theirs.
Does that sound like
a world you want to live in?
It's certainly
not a world I do.
All this time. I've.
I've been trying to take
the lessons from the past
to recreate a world that--
that wasn't much of a world
at all.
I like going to sleep.
and looking up.
and seeing the stars.
I like seeing
the-the green trees.
and-and the farms
that we have.
and the food that we have.
the abundance.
and if the Earth can abide.
so can we!
I'm sorry.
You don't need me as a teacher.
Out there.
that's your greatest teacher.
If we can live in harmony
with this earth.
.then maybe it will teach us
how to live
in harmony with each other.
We have a blank canvas.
.and this time.
we're not gonna mess it up.
What's a six-letter word
for "interrupting"?
Um.
Yeah.
[Alex] Here's some apples.
-Oh. "apples."
-That works.
Alex. thank you. Chef.
[chuckling softly]
[tender music playing]
[Joey] This was
one of my dad's old journals
that he never used.
I had to steal it
because it's so cool.
Sorry. Dad!
[Ish laughs]
[music becomes uplifting]
[Joey] I know Dad doesn't want
any more people at San Lupo.
but maybe there are
more out there?
We need there to be.
Maybe they can help us hear
from Heather and Raif.
We can't just hold out
as only us. forever.
I know we weren't
made to live alone.
When I get this built.
I hope he's proud of me.
and I hope he lets us
try to find the others.
Aw. Joey.
"proud" doesn't even
get halfway there.
I'm not smart enough to know
if this is gonna work.
but we gotta try.
This is for all of you
who wanted to know
if there were
others in the world.
And you're ready to find them.
if they're out there?
[Ish] Unbelievable. I know.
Let's do it. man.
[chuckles] Let's do it.
All right.
where do we start?
[Jorge] First things first.
go upstairs
and leave me alone.
[laughter]
Gladly!
-What?
-I don't know! I don't know.
Who's got a duster?
[Ezra] Isn't it random that
Joey figured out
how to build this.
and now we're doing it?
[Ish] Something tells me.
[screwdriving]
.this isn't random at all.
Well. thanks
for letting me do this.
Usually. it'd be a Jorge thing.
Yeah. well.
Jorge's afraid of heights. so.
Touché.
Plus. uh.
Ezra. I wanted to take
a minute alone with you.
I just.
didn't understand you
at the beginning.
And you hated the merch.
Okay. yes.
and don't say "merch."
[chuckling]
Uh.
you're not as bad
as you used to be.
[Ezra] Neither are you.
[laughing]
Aw. fuck it.
Don't tell anybody
that happened.
No worries.
[chuckling]
Back to work! Let's go.
[sighs] Joey really
understood this stuff. huh?
Of course.
But it's your hands now.
Your father adores you. Alex.
We all do.
You really think
we'll find anyone out there?
I hope so.
I hope so too.
[radio buzzing]
[clicking]
[static crackling]
[tuning]
C-Q. C-Q. C-Q.
This is San Lupo.
Do you read me?
[sighing]
C-Q. C-Q. C-Q.
This is San Lupo.
Is anyone out there?
[static warbling]
C-Q. C-Q. C-Q.
This is San Lupo.
Can anyone hear me?
Is anyone out there?
Any luck?
It's working.
but without a frequency
to connect to.
it's like
singing in the shower.
no one ever hears it.
Well. thank God no one can
hear you sing in the shower.
[chuckling]
[static crackling]
I don't even know
what I'd say
if anyone answered my call.
I do.
New Ish would be
as excited as me.
as all of us.
Come on. Let's get you
out of this dark room
and have some fun!
The boys have challenged us
to a game of baseball.
I didn't even know
we had a baseball anymore.
Not. exactly.
[Ezra] Let's play ball!
Now. now. Now. now!
Come on. Emma.
let's see. Let's see!
All right. heavy hitter.
heavy hitter!
Come on.
Come on with it. Come on.
Heavy hitter. heavy hitter!
[laughter]
Okay. come on!
You got this. honey!
Strike her out!
[laughter]
-Let's go.
Delay of game!
[grunts]
Uh-uh!
Hey! I've seen
better swings on a porch!
[giggling]
Did Ish give you that line?
No. I came up with that
all by myself.
Maybe he helped
with the "porch" part.
[laughing]
The "porch" part. is the joke.
[laughter]
All right. remember.
three limes. and you're out!
That's a lemon
in your hand. Jorge!
Watch out for his zester!
Three of any citrus fruit.
and you're out!
Why are we using lemons?
I don't really know.
Cantaloupes aren't in season?
Back in the day.
in Venezuela--
[groaning] Oh. my god!
.they called me the.
the really.
really good pitcher.
Nobody calls you that.
Pitch the lemon!
[Jorge] Okay.
[Heather] You got it. Mom.
Let's get it!
Uhh. oof!
Go. go. go!
[cheering]
Run! Run! Run!
You need the fruit
to get her out!
Get the full fruit
to get her out.
Get the whole fruit!
No. no. you need the full fruit!
Get the other one!
Over there! Get the other one!
She's coming home!
Throw it. throw it.
throw it. throw it!
[laughter and cheering]
Get her! Get her!
She's coming!
[all cheering and laughing]
Safe!
[laughing]
That was amazing.
Okay. come here.
[laughing]
Ahh!
Woo!
All right! Yeah!
[laughing]
Ooh! Mwah!
Caleb. catch for me.
[Jorge]
All right. everybody!
It's 5-4. there's two outs.
and get ready for three strikes
coming right down the middle.
Why are there so many numbers
in this game?
In the old days.
we were obsessed
with statistics.
Everything was measured.
Everything was ranked.
Numbers were the way
we explained the world.
147 225.
What's that?
Uh. numbers.
Uh. something
Raif and I saw out there.
I-I told
Ezra and Jean about it.
We saw it everywhere.
We followed it
for months. but.
didn't know what it meant.
147 225?
We saw it in abandoned towns.
spray-painted
on almost every roof and door.
Okay. wait. wait. wait.
I-I don't understand.
But that was it.
It was just.
those numbers and arrows.
but the arrows
never led anywhere.
Ish. why do you have
that look in your eye?
[chuckling in awe]
[click]
[clacking]
[radio static]
[tuning]
[buttons beeping]
[click]
C-Q. C-Q. C-Q.
This is San Lupo
calling frequency 147.225.
Is anyone out there?
What's happening?
Making a call.
C-Q. C-Q. C-Q.
This is San Lupo
calling frequency
147.225.
Is this frequency in use?
Who are you calling?
Is this enough reason to cancel
a perfect game of lemon ball?
I think it might be.
[click]
C-Q. C-Q. C-Q.
This is San Lupo calling
frequency 147.225.
is anyone there?
My name is Ish.
My wife is Emma.
We have two children.
Alex and Heather.
I'm here with Ezra--
[scoffing]
What am I doing?
Um. we are here.
You are not alone.
[click]
- [woman] This is 147.225.
-÷{all gasping]
You found us.
[all sobbing and laughing]
Uh. uh. w-w-where are you?
W-who are you?
Uh. this is Jorge!
Uh. we are in desperate need
of cigars.
[loud laughter]
-No--
-This is Emma!
It is so impossibly beautiful
to hear your voice.
How many of you are there?
77.
Oh!
Where are you calling from?
[laughs] You called us!
[laughter]
And thank you for calling us.
We're in Point Lobo.
It used to be a state park.
before.
Point Lobo?
That's-- that's less than
a hundred miles away.
We settled by the ocean
so we could fish and live.
We were nomads for years.
"Lobo"? I-I can't believe it.
What?
It's Spanish for "wolf."
Point Lobo. San Lupo?
Only the wolf survives.
[woman] Will you come to us.
or shall we come to you?
Yes. yes. we're gonna
figure all of that out.
Wait a minute.
This is going too fast.
18 years is fast?
I'm just saying.
we don't know.
We can't live
on an island forever.
This island.
it's been good to us.
We don't want
another Charlie situation.
Are you there?
Can you still hear me?
We were afraid too.
if that's what
you're thinking about.
When we first
painted the frequency up.
many of us
didn't want to do it.
Why did you?
Something kept telling us.
we had to.
We. have to.
We have to.
-Yes.
-[all laughing]
Yes!
-Yes!
-[cheering ecstatically]
[celebrating and laughing]
[hopeful music playing]
Yes.
It's time.
[Jack] Why me?
[Ish] Because
you're Heather's oldest.
One more lesson
I learned. Jack.
one more thing to pass on.
and this I need you
to especially remember.
Men go and come.
.but the earth.
abides.
[inspiring theme playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[lightning crashing]
[inspiring theme playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm